## Vehicle Loan Default Prediction
Financial institutions incur significant losses due to the default of vehicle loans. This has led to the tightening up of vehicle loan underwriting and increased vehicle loan rejection rates. The need for a better credit risk scoring model is also raised by these institutions. This warrants a study to estimate the determinants of vehicle loan default. A financial institution has hired you to accurately predict the probability of loanee/borrower defaulting on a vehicle loan in the first EMI (Equated Monthly Instalments) on the due date. 

Following Information regarding the loan and loanee are provided in the datasets:

- **Loanee Information** (Demographic data like age, Identity proof etc.)
- **Loan Information** (Disbursal details, loan to value ratio etc.)
- **Bureau data & history** (Bureau score, number of active accounts, the status of other loans, credit history etc.)

Doing so will ensure that clients capable of repayment are not rejected and important determinants can be identified which can be further used for minimising the default rates.

### Data Description

**train.zip** - train.zip contains train.csv and data_dictionary.csv.
                train.csv contains the training data with details on loan as described in the last section
                data_dictionary.csv contains a brief description on each variable provided in the training and test set.
**test.csv**  - test.csv contains details of all customers and loans for which the participants are to submit probability of default.  

**Libraries used** are _Pandas, Numpy and Scikit-Learn_. And the code was written in _Google Colaboratory_ and thus contains some of its commands.

Note - `Vehicle Loan Default Prediction.py` file is automatically generated by Google Colaboratory while the actual code was written in `Vehicle Loan Default Prediction.ipynb` which was submitted in LTFS Data Science FinHack (ML Hackathon).
